Changes for PMM-9931 and PMM-9930 (#778)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/develop-checks.md

All checks are self-contained in the first phase, as well as in most of the planned phases.
 

> This means that extracted data is processed on the PMM side and not sent back to the SaaS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that extracted data is processed on the PMM side and not sent back to Percona Platform.
```

 
## Backend
 
1. pmm-managed checks that the installation is opted-in for checks.

> 2. pmm-managed downloads files with checks from SaaS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. pmm-managed downloads files with checks from Percona Platform.
```

> 6. pmm-managed sends alerts to Alermanager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. pmm-managed sends alerts to Alertmanager.
```

   - Due to Alertmanager design, pmm-managed has to send and re-send alerts to it much more often than the frequency with which checks are executed. This expected behaviour is not important for using checks but is important for understanding how checks work.
   - Currently, Prometheus is not involved.
 
![!](../../_images/BackEndChecks.png)
 
## Frontend

> PMM uses Aletmanager API to get information about failed checks and show them on the UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM uses Alertmanager API to get information about failed checks and show them on the UI:
```
